well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about some
more game of thrones type stuff
happening up on capitol hill happening
in dc
last night the president tweeted some
wildly inaccurate stuff
that's nothing new we've come to expect
that at this point in the game
but people are wondering why because
this time
he's undercutting his own message it
seems
just before the president went on his
little
temper tantrum on twitter the
senate under mitch mcconnell overrode
his veto
trump then gets on twitter and says
that the georgia election will be
invalid
and illegal and unconstitutional none of
which is true
he my my best guess here
is that he was lashing out against
mcconnell
he has been counting on the senate to
kind of hand him the election
it seems pretty clear from the override
that that isn't going to happen
so if he depresses voter turnout in
georgia
mcconnell will probably lose his job and
he won't be sent a majority leader
now at the same time trump
will probably realize sometime today
with you all watching this today
that he has already tied himself
to this georgia election and if they
lose it looks bad
on him so expect another change
and he will again support the republican
candidates in georgia and tell people to
vote
it appears outside looking in without
any inside information that mcconnell
is definitely winning this little power
struggle the idea of trump remaining
king maker
after he leaves the oval office is
less likely by the minute
the more erratic he becomes
the harder it is going to be to get
republicans to follow his lead
while he's in mar-a-lago um
i don't foresee
i don't foresee him being much of a
force within the republican party for
much longer
however trump supporters will still be
around
trump loyalists will still be around and
trumpism
will still continue
it's something we need to be aware of
and
no matter how much you may find yourself
rooting for mcconnell
right now please remember that it is
mitch mcconnell
he's not your friend um
the reason he has survived up on capitol
hill for so long
is because he looks out for himself
number one
um he does not care about you or your
problems
so don't don't become too sympathetic
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day